Uh-huh.
Ah!
Stepfather taken away
I can't see the sadness in my mother's face
On the contrary.
I could see a hint of jealousy in his eyes
Finally got rid of that demon
Let him feel relieved
actually
I still have company in my heart
What? I see. You still have his picture.
Every time that person plays the drums, I
Will start to be too caring
In fact, I regretted it when I first left you
Big bad
I can cherish you
Why don't you come back?
I hurt your mother so much
And I was pregnant with a kite child.
I have no face to come back
Wouldn't it be great if your mother were alive now?
I really want to say sorry to him
Even if my heart knot was opened at that moment
Mom really loves me
I believe
If Dad were alive
I will also forgive this I have suffered
You're welcome. You're welcome.
If you want to thank, thank this dog
This dog led me here, yeah
He also bit through my brother's clothes